okay guys how's it going this is epic
everything dude 75 here um I recently
got a new siren mod for grand theft auto
four armed it is the yoga little website
for you it is the where was it go back
back back there it is the federal signal
touch master delta siren mod and it
works great the tone sound really good
really really clean and it just sound
like really high quality tones to it
just sounds amazing so you'll only hear
about I hate this hypercam won't record
my grand theft auto but here we go this
is my siren lawd you'll just hear thee
I'll be able to see it but you won't
you'll just see a black screen with the
hypercam 3 thing
on um like the banner of hyper hyper
camp 3 i'll i'll be able to see the game
you won't I'm sorry I can I don't know
I've tried everything but I still can't
get high began three to record this
maybe because it's a full screen game
but and in anyways here we go
ok so this as the airborne whale Yelp
and our priority
so that was it um thank you for less
less lessening if anybody can make any
suggestions or tell me how I can get
hype hypercam 3-2 record Oh Grand Theft
Auto then that will be amazing thank you
um anywho um thank you for listening to
the touch master Delta from federal
signal sorry siren mod more to come soon
um and yeah thank you for listening okay
bye